{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Roboto;}}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\pard\plain\f0\fs24 Normal;}
{\s1\pard\plain\f0\fs24 Level1;}
\{\s2\pard\plain\f0\fs24 Level2;\}
}
\pard\plain\f0\fs24
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 1.\tab \b0 \b Governing Criteria. \b0 Storm drainage and hydraulic design shall conform to the City of Dana Point Grading Manual (Jan-2009) and the Orange County Hydrology Manual / Orange County Local Drainage Manual (as adopted by the City), and the Greenbook (as applicable for public improvements). Building pads shall be protected from 100-year storm inundation by approved design measures shown on the plans.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 2.\tab \b0 \b Overall Drainage Concept. \b0 Provide and maintain positive drainage. Collect roof drains and yard/area drains into the private storm drain system and discharge to the approved outlet shown on the plans (including the ROW catch basin and curb core connection to the street gutter/storm drain system, where applicable).\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 3.\tab \b0 \b No Off-Site Impacts. \b0 Drainage shall not create nuisance flow, erosion, sediment discharge, or damage to adjacent properties or public facilities. If any surface water is proposed to be conveyed onto adjacent private property in an unnatural manner, obtain written permission from the affected owner(s) as required.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 4.\tab \b0 \b Hydraulic Capacity (Dana Point Criteria). \b0 Excepting standard terrace and down drains, drainage conveyance devices over 100 feet in length shall be designed for the 10-year storm. Closed conduit systems with sump inlet conditions shall be designed for the 25-year storm. If tributary area exceeds 0.25 acres, apply the same criteria regardless of conveyance length. If required by the City, provide calculations demonstrating capacity to convey the 100-year event to an approved discharge point.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 5.\tab \b0 \b Pipe Materials / Installation. \b0 Pipe materials and specifications shall be shown on the plans and installed per the Greenbook and manufacturer recommendations (unless otherwise approved). Where drainage conduits are placed beneath structures, provide pipe meeting the applicable requirements; PVC beneath structures shall be Schedule 40.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 6.\tab \b0 \b Area Drain Grates. \b0 Area drain grates shall meet City minimum opening/flow area requirements as applicable; select grate types intended to prevent debris blockage and reduce trip hazards.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 7.\tab \b0 \b ROW Improvements (Encroachment). \b0 All work within the public right-of-way (including the catch basin, curb core, driveway approach/repairs, sidewalk/curb work, and restoration) shall be constructed under a City Encroachment Permit and per applicable City Standard Details. Restore disturbed ROW areas to City standard condition upon completion.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 8.\tab \b0 \b Inspection Prior to Backfill. \b0 Underground drainage improvements requiring inspection shall be inspected by the City (and other agencies having jurisdiction, if applicable) prior to backfill.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 9.\tab \b0 \b Stormwater Only / Prohibited Discharges. \b0 The storm drain system is for stormwater only. Do not discharge or connect non-stormwater flows to the storm drain system or gutter.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 10.\tab \b0 \b Maintenance Responsibility. \b0 The Owner is responsible for ongoing operation and maintenance of private drainage facilities (including keeping grates, inlets, and cleanouts accessible and free of debris) and maintaining the approved discharge condition.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 11.\tab \b0 \b Drainage Improvements and Inspections\b0 \b . \b0 Install drainage improvements per the approved plans and coordinate required City inspections prior to backfill and prior to concrete placement where applicable.\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab a.\tab Storm drain piping and appurtenances: Inspect after placement and before backfill; provide a civil engineer field memo confirming line and grade are per approved plans.\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab b.\tab Inlets/catch basins: Inspect after inlet forms are set and before concrete placement; provide a civil engineer field memo confirming line and grade are per approved plans.\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab c.\tab Subdrains (if included under the grading permit scope): Inspect after excavation (materials on-site) and again after placement before backfill/cover.\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab d.\tab Earth swales (if applicable): Inspect prior to rough grading approval and prior to final grading approval.\par
}