{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Roboto;}}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\pard\plain\f0\fs24 Normal;}
{\s1\pard\plain\f0\fs24 Level1;}
\{\s2\pard\plain\f0\fs24 Level2;\}
}
\pard\plain\f0\fs24
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 1.\tab \b0 \b Governing Standards. \b0 All work shall conform to the City of Dana Point Municipal Code (including Ch. 8.01), the City of Dana Point Grading Manual (Jan-2009), the 2022 California Codes as adopted (CBC/CRC/CPC/CMC/CEC/CGBSC), and the Standard Specifications for Public Works Construction (Greenbook), latest adopted edition (as applicable). Where conflicts exist, the more stringent requirement shall govern.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 2.\tab \b0 \b Permits & Inspections (eTRAKiT). \b0 Obtain all required permits. A separate Encroachment Permit is required for any work within the public right-of-way. Request inspections via eTRAKiT and schedule per permit conditions and City requirements.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 3.\tab \b0 \b Urban Runoff Threat Assessment / ESA Worksheet. \b0 Complete and sign the City Urban Runoff Threat Assessment Form, including ESA worksheet where applicable, and implement BMPs consistent with the determined priority and City Engineer approval.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 4.\tab \b0 \b Construction BMP Report (CASQA). \b0 A City-approved Construction BMP Report is required and shall be implemented throughout construction. BMPs shall be consistent with the CASQA Stormwater Construction BMP Handbook; applicable BMP fact sheets shall be included with the BMP Report and used onsite.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 5.\tab \b0 \b Dust / Air Quality. \b0 Control dust at all times in conformance with SCAQMD Rule 403. Implement watering, track-out control, stockpile management, and sweeping practices per the approved BMP Report/BMP sheets.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 6.\tab \b0 \b Utility Coordination. \b0 Contact USA North 811 a minimum of two working days before any excavation. Coordinate water and sewer work with SCWD as applicable (disconnects/caps, new services, testing, and inspections per SCWD requirements). Protect all existing utilities; repair damage at contractors expense.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 7.\tab \b0 \b Survey / Construction Control. \b0 Provide construction staking and survey control per the project survey. Provide pad elevation and building corner staking certifications as required by the City/Building Official. (Flood certification not applicable as property is not in a flood hazard zone.)\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 8.\tab \b0 \b Geotechnical / Structural Requirements (Priority and References). \b0\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab a.\tab General site earthwork, grading, and soil preparation shall be performed in accordance with the project geotechnical report and City requirements.\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab b.\tab For foundation areas and retaining wall zones specifically addressed by Building Permit structural plans, the structural plans subgrade preparation requirements shall govern within those defined areas, consistent with the geotechnical report.\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab c.\tab Where structural plans do not define soil preparation requirements for a given area, the geotechnical report recommendations shall govern by default.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 9.\tab \b0 \b Earthwork Changes. \b0 Any material change to grading limits, slope geometry, keys/benches, or drainage patterns from the approved plans shall require City review/approval and geotechnical review where applicable.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 10.\tab \b0 \b Testing / Observations. \b0 Provide earthwork observation and testing by the Geotechnical Engineer of Record as required by the City and the geotechnical report. Provide special inspections (per CBC 1705.6 as required) where required by the California Building Code. Submit required reports/certifications to the City.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 11.\tab \b0 \b Materials Import / Soil Treatment. \b0 Imported fill and/or in-place soil treatment (e.g., lime treatment), if used, shall comply with the project geotechnical recommendations and City requirements/approvals. Maintain documentation for imported materials and sources as required by the City and the geotechnical professional.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 12.\tab \b0 \b RIFA (If Import/Export). \b0 If importing and/or exporting soil, comply with applicable Red Imported Fire Ant (RIFA) requirements and any source/destination documentation requirements.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 13.\tab \b0 \b ROW / Traffic Control. \b0 Any work in the public right-of-way shall conform to City requirements and the WATCH manual (Work Area Traffic Control Handbook) for temporary traffic control. Obtain Encroachment Permit prior to work.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 14.\tab \b0 \b Catch Basin / Inlet Marking. \b0 Any new on-site or ROW catch basin(s)/storm drain inlet(s) installed shall be stenciled No DumpingDrains to Ocean, coordinated with City Public Works.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 15.\tab \b0 \b Stormwater / LID / WQMP. \b0 Implement construction-phase BMPs and site design/LID measures in accordance with the City Water Quality LIP (Section 7) and the South OC Model WQMP/TGD as applicable. Complete the City WQMP Checklist and provide a WQMP only if required by City criteria (including receiving water/ESA considerations as applicable).\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 16.\tab \b0 \b Prohibited Discharges. \b0 No non-stormwater discharges to the street, gutter, or storm drain system are permitted (including wash water, concrete waste water, paint, fuels, sanitary waste, etc.).\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 17.\tab \b0 \b Dewatering (Not Anticipated). \b0 Dewatering is not anticipated. If dewatering becomes necessary, obtain required approvals and implement discharge controls and BMPs as directed by the City.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 18.\tab \b0 \b Street Cleanliness / Track-Out. \b0 Keep adjacent streets free of sediment/track-out; implement stabilized entrance/exit and cleaning measures as needed. Do not wash sediment into the gutter/storm drain system.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 19.\tab \b0 \b Off-Site Work on Adjacent Private Property. \b0 Any work on adjacent private property shall be limited to what is shown on the approved plans and authorized by written agreement and shall be restored per the agreement and to the satisfaction of the property owner.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 20.\tab \b0 \b Human Remains / Cultural Resources. \b0 If human remains, burial items, or suspected cultural resources are encountered, stop work in the affected area and notify the appropriate authorities and the City prior to resuming work, as directed.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 21.\tab \b0 \b C&D Waste Recycling. \b0 Comply with the City C&D waste recycling program requirements and maintain required documentation for project closeout.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 22.\tab \b0 \b Record Grading & Certifications. \b0 In accordance with Dana Point Grading Manual (Jan 2009), upon completion of grading:\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab \f0\u8226?\tab The \b Civil Engineer of Record\b0 shall submit a written certification to the City that all lines, grades, and elevations were constructed in substantial conformance with the approved grading plan.\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab \f0\u8226?\tab A \b Licensed Land Surveyor or Civil Engineer\b0 shall provide pad elevation and boundary certification, confirming finished floor elevations and property line locations.\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab \f0\u8226?\tab The \b Soils Engineer of Record\b0 shall submit final compaction and materials testing reports verifying that fills and subgrades comply with the approved soils report, the Dana Point Grading Manual, and the California Building Code.\par
}