{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Roboto;}}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\pard\plain\f0\fs24 Normal;}
{\s1\pard\plain\f0\fs24 Level1;}
\{\s2\pard\plain\f0\fs24 Level2;\}
}
\pard\plain\f0\fs24
\pard\s0 Grading and Drainage-related improvements associated with the replacement of an existing single-family residence. The scope is limited to the following:\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 1.\tab Demolish and remove the existing residence and associated site improvements within the limits of work (demolition permitted separately as applicable).\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 2.\tab Clear/grub and remove unsuitable, organic, and foreign materials from areas to be graded; export/dispose at legal facilities as required.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 3.\tab Perform earthwork (cut/fill) and regrade to the proposed site grades.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 4.\tab Prepare subgrade for the new building pad, driveway, and other paved areas, including moisture conditioning and compaction per the geotechnical report and City requirements.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 5.\tab Grade and prepare the area for a replacement retaining wall and associated drainage; retaining wall construction and engineering will be reviewed and permitted under the Building Permit.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 6.\tab Install on-site drainage improvements shown on the plans (including yard drains and roof drain piping).\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 7.\tab Install and maintain temporary erosion and sediment control BMPs during construction.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 8.\tab Provide required geotechnical observation/testing and City inspections during grading.\par
}