{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Roboto;}}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\pard\plain\f0\fs24 Normal;}
{\s1\pard\plain\f0\fs24 Level1;}
\{\s2\pard\plain\f0\fs24 Level2;\}
}
\pard\plain\f0\fs24
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 1.\tab \b0 \b Governing Standards. \b0 All work shall conform to the City of Dana Point Municipal Code (including Ch. 8.01 Grading and Excavation Control), the City of Dana Point Grading Manual (Jan-2009), the 2022 California Codes as adopted (CBC/CRC/CPC/CMC/CEC/CGBSC), and the Standard Specifications for Public Works Construction (Greenbook), latest adopted edition (as applicable). Where conflicts exist, the more stringent requirement shall govern.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 2.\tab \b0 \b Permits & Notifications. \b0 Obtain all required permits. A separate Encroachment Permit is required for any work within the public right-of-way. Request and coordinate inspections via the Citys eTRAKiT system and provide advance notice per permit conditions.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 3.\tab \b0 \b Utility Coordination. \b0 \b Utility Coordination. \b0 Prior to any excavation, contact USA North 811 by dialing 811 a minimum of two (2) working days before digging. Coordinate utility disconnects, new services, temporary services, and utility conflict resolution with the applicable providers, including:\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab a.\tab \b0 \b South Coast Water District (SCWD)\b0 (water and wastewater) (949) 342-1140 (after-hours water/sewer emergencies (949) 499-4555)\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab b.\tab \b0 \b San Diego Gas & Electric (SDG&E)\b0 (electric/temporary construction power) Customer Care 1-800-411-7343 (emergencies 1-800-611-7343)\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab c.\tab \b0 \b SoCalGas\b0 (natural gas) 1-877-238-0092\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab d.\tab \b0 \b Cox Communications\b0 (telecommunications/internet) 1-800-234-3993\par
\pard\s2\li1440\fi-576\tx1440\jclisttab e.\tab \b0 \b CR&R\b0 (solid waste/recycling) (877) 728-0446\par
\pard\s0 Coordinate with any other utility owners/providers encountered in the field (e.g., AT&T/Frontier/Spectrum, etc.). \b Protect existing utilities\b0 ; repair any damage at Contractors expense.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 4.\tab \b0 \b Stormwater / Water Quality. \b0 Complete the City Urban Runoff Threat Assessment (including ESA worksheet, as applicable) and implement requirements consistent with the City Water Quality LIP (Section 7). Provide WQMP documentation only if required by City criteria.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 5.\tab \b0 \b Hours/Noise. \b0 Construction noise must comply with the Dana Point Municipal Code; typical allowed hours are 7:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m. daily, except Sundays and Federal holidays.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 6.\tab \b0 \b Construction BMP Report (CASQA). \b0 Prepare and implement the City-required Construction BMP Report, including applicable CASQA BMP fact sheets. Keep the approved BMP Report onsite and implement throughout construction.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 7.\tab \b0 \b Dust/Air Quality. \b0 Control dust in conformance with South Coast AQMD Rule 403 and the approved BMP/Erosion Control requirements.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 8.\tab \b0 \b Geotechnical / Structural Priority. \b0 Site earthwork and soil preparation shall follow the project geotechnical report. For foundation and retaining wall zones specifically addressed by Building Permit structural plans, the structural plans subgrade preparation requirements shall govern within those defined areas; otherwise, the geotechnical report governs by default.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 9.\tab \b0 \b C&D Waste Recycling. \b0 Comply with the City Construction & Demolition (C&D) waste recycling requirements and maintain required documentation for City closeout.\par
\pard\s1\li576\fi-576\tx576\jclisttab 10.\tab \b0 \b Closeout. \b0 Upon grading completion, submit required record grading and certification documents per the City of Dana Point Grading Manual and permit conditions.\par
}